# Session 2 Notes

after defeating clarg we found provisions with the symbol of **Lion Shield Coster** (LSC)

LSC provisions were food and water

we also found a treasure chest. the treasure chest contained 600cp, 110sp, 2 health potions, jade statuette of frog with golden orbs for eyes

we took a short rest

we captured a goblin who said clarg was told to deliver gundren and sildar somewhere

the goblin said that gundren was taken somewhere else, but we don't know where. gundren was taken 2-3 hours ago

we found that sildar is chained in a room with 5-6 goblins. we tried tricking them using phillith's actor feat. it didn't work.

after defeating the goblins, we interrogated one of them (yeemik) who said they took gundar to cragmaw castle.

yeemik does not know where cragmaw castle is.

the orders are all coming from the black spider.

sildar is part of an organization called the lords alliance.

a wizard named iarno albrek was sent by the lords alliance to bring peace and order back to a mining town that had descended into lawlessness. the alliance haven't heard from him in over 2 months, which is why sildar was accompanying gundren.

500 years ago gnomes and dwarves found wave echo cave, a mine with great mineral wealth and magical power. humans, dwarves, and gnomes created the forge of spells, which used the mine's power to make magic items. they were attacked by orcs (and evil wizards?), and the battle led to a cave-in. the location of wave echo cave has been lost.

gundren found a lead on the potential location of wave echo cave. sildar was travelling with gundren to find and re-open wave echo cave.
