# Session 3 Notes

phandalin has criminal organization called Red Brand

they engage in racketeering with almost every business in the town, except the Miner's Exchange

they have a hideout somewhere in town. they frequent an old alehouse called Sleeping Giant. they are its only customers by now.

they kidnapped the family of a woodcarver, who they killed after he didn't pay them tribute.

the Miner's Exchange is run by Halia Thornton (she's a pretty tough woman, the Red Brand are scared of her)

the Miner's Exchange is the closest thing the town has to law enforcement

should talk to Halia about getting paid to deal with Red Brand

Phandalin dungeoneering/adventuring supplies sold by Barthan (also the person who will pay us for travelling with Gundren)

Delivered Gundren's goods to Barthan, he paid us 10gp each

Returned LSC supplies to LSC, they paid us 50gp total (~12 each)

Deposited money in bank

Visited Miner's Exchange to speak with Halia

**Halia told us she is an agent of the Zentarim**

we killed 7 Red Brand bandits. we found out they have 2 skeletons and an "eye monster".

the Red Brands are not touching Halia because their boss doesn't want to mess with the Zhentarim.

the Red Brands have been told by the Black Spider to intimidate the town of Phandalin and any adventurers. **The Red Brands are working for the Black Spider.**

the Red Brands have a goblin branch. *the goblins we killed may have been Red Brands.*

Halia tells us:
- Cragmaw is a goblin tribe
- the Red Brands have a goblin underling
- the goblin underling would probably know more about the location of Cragmaw Castle
- there is a rumor the Red Brands are based underneath a decaying manor on the hill on the east edge of town
- the name of the Red Brands leader is Glass Staff
- if we defeat the Red Brands we will be paid 50gp
    - we have to bring some of Glass Staff's documents as proof of completion
